# Hand Gesture Recognition(Virtual Mouse)
# Introduction
  * With the development technologies in the areas of augmented reality and devices that we use in our daily life, these devices are becoming compact in the form of Bluetooth or wireless technologies. This project proposes an AI virtual mouse system that makes use of the hand gestures and hand tip detection for performing mouse functions in the computer using computer vision. The main objective of the proposed system is to perform computer mouse cursor functions using a web camera or a built-in camera in the computer instead of using a traditional mouse device. Hand gesture and hand tip detection by using computer vision is used as a Human Computer Interaction (HCI) with the computer. With the use of the AI virtual mouse system, we can track the fingertip of the hand gesture by using a built-in camera or web camera and perform the mouse cursor operations and drag and drop functions and also move the cursor with it. The results of the proposed model showed very high accuracy level, and the proposed model can work very well in real-world application with the use of a CPU without the use of a GPU.
  
# Objective
  * To convert hand gesture/motion into mouse operation that will be set to a particular screen position using image processing techniques. With the help of a web camera that captures the hand gestures and hand tip and then processes these frames to perform the particular mouse function such as left click, right click, and scrolling function.
